README.md, before:

# Firefox YouTube Buddy

I am currently making use of these three Firefox extensions to make my YouTube
experience to be more in my interest as a viewer and less in YouTube's interest
as a corporation interested in slurping up all my watch time and attention:

- Better Subscriptions for YouTube™
  - Allow marking videos as watched even if I haven't and won't watch them
  - Allow hiding Premieres and Shorts
    - Premieres are literally worse than useless:
      1. You get tested about content you can't watch yet before it goes live
      2. You get live-stream potato quality until the Premiere ends and the
        video becomes available as a regular video
- FreshView for YouTube™
  - Hide all videos with a certain watch threshold (I set it to 10 %)
- Replace YouTube's Home with Subscriptions
  - Redirect the Home page to the Subscriptions page every time
    When I am in the mood to discover new content I turn this off for a session
    and visit the Home page to see what it mixed in for me, usually only to find
    it has mixed in old content I already watched (which is not hidden) or stuff
    that I am not interested in watching and the algorithm should know that.

I would like to combine these three to a single extension and add some extra
features as well:

- Hide livestream VODs and hour+ long videos in general (setting for exceptions)
  I will never watch a live stream recording. The only long videos I care about
  are scripted videos from "documentary" channels like Summoning Salt or
  Technology Connections or super chill and enjoyable videos like those from
  Primitive Technology
- Maybe more

If I ever decide to actually do this this repository will be where it happens.

Commit message:

Add a missing note on Shorts
I forgot to expand on this in the initial commit.

README.md, after:

# Firefox YouTube Buddy

I am currently making use of these three Firefox extensions to make my YouTube
experience to be more in my interest as a viewer and less in YouTube's interest
as a corporation interested in slurping up all my watch time and attention:

- Better Subscriptions for YouTube™
  - Allow marking videos as watched even if I haven't and won't watch them
  - Allow hiding Premieres and Shorts
    - Premieres are literally worse than useless:
      1. You get tested about content you can't watch yet before it goes live
      2. You get live-stream potato quality until the Premiere ends and the
        video becomes available as a regular video
    - Shorts can be okay but are mostly attention-seeking low quality garbage
      The Shorts tab still works if I ever decide to use it, but I don't get
      Shorts in recommendations anymore which is what I want.
- FreshView for YouTube™
  - Hide all videos with a certain watch threshold (I set it to 10 %)
- Replace YouTube's Home with Subscriptions
  - Redirect the Home page to the Subscriptions page every time
    When I am in the mood to discover new content I turn this off for a session
    and visit the Home page to see what it mixed in for me, usually only to find
    it has mixed in old content I already watched (which is not hidden) or stuff
    that I am not interested in watching and the algorithm should know that.

I would like to combine these three to a single extension and add some extra
features as well:

- Hide livestream VODs and hour+ long videos in general (setting for exceptions)
  I will never watch a live stream recording. The only long videos I care about
  are scripted videos from "documentary" channels like Summoning Salt or
  Technology Connections or super chill and enjoyable videos like those from
  Primitive Technology
- Maybe more

If I ever decide to actually do this this repository will be where it happens.
